Eat more
Sister-in-law treated me badly before.
I didn't expect you to fail to help me, did you?
Thank you very much.
Uh, I owe you one
Come on, let me respect you
Oh, eat more.
You brat
You watch my sister come to eat
Brother, what nonsense are you talking about?
Obviously, you were too cruel to him before.
He's not talking to you.
By the way, what's your name?
You see, he can eat so much, why don't you call him rice balls?
Go go go you are the rice ball
There's food for the whole family.
What do you call your mouth?
picky foodies
Big eater
Big stomach king hey big stomach king
Big eater bar
From now on, you can call your sister-in-law
Hmm, big watch
I see you are also a martial arts practitioner
You can beat Gionee, the mirror dancer
Are you also a mirror dancer?
And I see that trick you just did
Is it taekwondo?
idea
Brother big stomach king means
I think he learned it from someone on TV.
Watch TV to learn martial arts
Please don't be kidding.
How is that possible?
Everything on TV is fake
Can he learn it at a glance?
Your Majesty, did you learn it after reading it once?